added sacred integration info (#64)
neptune-ai/docs: docs/integrations/sacred.rst

Log Sacred experiments to neptune
=================================
.. image:: ../_static/images/others/sacred_neptuneai.png
   :target: ../_static/images/others/sacred_neptuneai.png
   :alt: Sacred neptune.ai integration

Prerequisites
-------------
Integration with |Sacred| framework is introduced as a part of logging module so just need to have |neptune-client| installed.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install neptune-client neptune-contrib['monitoring']

Create an **Experiment**
------------------------

> .. note:: I am using a shared, anonymous token but you can change to your user api token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: I am using a shared, anonymous token but you can change to your private ``NEPTUNE_API_TOKEN``.
```
